Howdy everyone!
Are ya'll ready for
some duelin'?
I sure hope so, 'cause
some duelin' is brewin'!
After all, it's the
Friendship Cup's third day!
And that means we've now
entered the second round
and only eight
duelists remain!
Who among 'em
will advance?
Well, whadaya say
we find out?!
Today's first match up
will be...
Zuzu Boyle versus
Sergey Volkov!
(cheering)
Alright Zuzu,
you know Yuya's game plan...
(Yuya)
I promise to take
center stage Zuzu...
by winning
the Friendship Cup...
swinging the crowd my way...
and bringing smiles back
to the hearts of everyone!
Now it's time for me to step
into the spotlight
and win this crowd over...
After all,
there's a war coming.
A dimensional war.
And these poor people don't know
a thing about it,
so I've got to warn them.
But if they're going to
believe me,
they need to respect me‐‐
which means I need
to win this duel!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(cheering)
Just listen to this
capacity crowd!
But I gotta hunch...
It's about to
get even louder
after I introduce
our first duelist...
She's sportin' two 'z's' but
she won't put ya to sleep:
Zuzu Boyle!
(cheering)
That Zuzu sure has a bright
future ahead of her!
Bet She could
do anything!
'Cept my job,
o' course.
Jack Atlas...
Get ready to see
what I can do.
Yuya, I know you're watching,
and I won't let you down.
Go!
Win this!
(Melissa Trail)
And here he comes
Zuzu's opponent:
Sergey Volkov!
They say no one duels with
moreconviction than Sergey,
but I'm pretty sure
that's 'cause Sergey
is an actual real‐life
convict! (laughing)
Zuzu will have to watch
herself 'round this fierce
felon
because as we've seen
he's an even bigger menace
on the duel field
than he is to society!
Go, Zuzu!
Take this thug down!
Listen carefully, Sergey...
Zuzu is an essential piece
to my ultimate plan.
You are to defeat her
by any means necessary
and bring her to me...
in one piece.
And now, let's
giddy‐on‐up!
But, since the Duel Palace's
duel field was all chawed up
during our last match up,
we're givin' all you watchin'
a special treat
by takin' it
to the street!
What say we start our
duelist's dash with a
splash!
Now let's break it in!
Let's activate
the Action Field:
Crossover Acceleration!
(robotic voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
(Melissa)
On your marks,
get set,
go!
(tires screeching)
Let's duel!
Duel!
(cheering)
And now it's a race
for the Palace Gates.
Whoever gets there first will
get the right to go first!
Zuzu has the early lead!
Yeah!
Now the question is:
Can she hold onto it?
You could cut the tension
with a knife!
Or better yet,
with a duel runner
because at the speeds these
two duelists are goin'
I'd reckon they would
shred through anything
that got in their way!
Which, incidentally,
is why I don't do
my announcin'
trackside anymore.
Everything I've done so far
has gone to plan.
What could possibly
go wrong now?
(Melissa) Whoa! Sergey has
kicked things up a notch!
He's gaining
on Zuzu fast!
This'll be close!
(engines roaring)
Whoever exits
this tunnel first
wins the all‐important
first move...
And it's Zuzu!
Yes! I'm first!
I summon
Canon The Melodious Diva!
(melodious humming)
Next I'lI place one card
facedown and end my turn!
And just like that,
the stage is set
for a performance next turn
that Sergey won't forget‐‐
and his life points
won't withstand!
I draw.
I summon Thorn Prisoner Van.
(growling)
Huh? Zero attack points?
Whoa.
What the hooey?!
Did Sergey really
just summon a card
with zero attack points
in attack mode?!
Huh?
Just what could Sergey
be up to here?
That is all.
What?
All he did was summon
a monster with no attack points?
Why would he do that?
Unless he's trying to throw me
off my game...
I draw!
First, I'll activate the trap
card Melodious Rhythm Change!
Now, by returning a Melodious
monster to my hand
I can bring out a new one,
and the one I choose is this:
Mozarta The Melodious Maestra!
Mozarta's special ability
activates!
By hitting the perfect note
I'm able to summon
a Melodious monster
that's Level Four‐or‐below!
Come on back,
Canon The Melodious Diva!
Pathetic.
This musical number's
not over.
Next up is this gal...
Come on out,
Solo The Melodious Songstress!
Interesting.
(Melissa)
Talk about a quick‐draw!
Zuzu has already summoned
three monsters to her field,
and Sergey only has one
with zero attack points!
Is this duel over
before it's begun?
Yeah! Zuzu!
Take him down!
Go time!
Mozarta, belt one out
and attack Thorn Prisoner Van!
Whoa, Nelly!
Sergey's life points
will take a plunge!
Van's special ability activates.
If I show I have another
Thorn Prisoner in hand,
I pay 400 life points and take
no damage in battle.
Here is card.
Thorn Prisoner Darli.
(grunting)
Huh?
(Melissa)
Ouch!
That looked bad, but as far
as moves go it was good!
And there is more for you.
I am allowed to summon Van
along with Thorn Prisoner Darli!
Come now!
(muffled groaning)
Another monster
with zero attack points?
Uh... Looks like Sergey
doesn't understand
the concept of
defense mode.
It's almost like
he's askin' to be attacked!
Solo The Melodious Songstress,
you're up!
Attack Darli!
Darli's ability activates.
By paying
400 life points
I negate attack once per turn.
(grunting)
So be it‐‐ but I still have
one attack left!
Canon, attack Darli!
Since Darli can't use
its ability
this attack will hit home!
Hold your horses!
Look there!
Sergey's goin' for
an Action Card!
At least he was,
till that major misstep.
That's what I call
a rough landing.
It's the perfect chance
for Zuzu to pounce.
(metal grinding)
Sergey, are you okay?
You're hurt!
Hold on‐‐ I'll end my turn
so you can get help.
(chuckling)
It's you...
who needs help!
I must say, for being Roget's
top duel enforcer
Sergey sure seems to be
having trouble.
His vitals are spiking.
Focus.
Let's go!
(cheering)
I draw now.
I summon second
Thorn Prisoner Darli!
And next...
Level One Darli
tunes Level One Van.
I Synchro Summon...
Thorn Observer Zuma!
(growling)
Its ability activates!
One Thorn Counter is placed
on every monster on the field.
Huh?!
(grunting)
(chuckling)
At end of turn,
I take 400 points damage
for every monster I have
with Thorn Counter.
But at end of your turn,
you take damage
from your monsters.
I place one card facedown
and end turn.
Since I have one Thorn Counter,
I'm taking
400 points of damage.
(grunting)
Ya know, I'd like to feel bad
for Sergey
but he's doing this
to himself.
Ouch, talk about sufferin'
for you craft!
His vitals are still rising.
He must calm himself.
(Melissa)
It's Zuzu's move,
but with all her monsters
being prevented
from attackin',
does she even have
a move to make?
Zuzu, don't give up.
Remember what
you're dueling for!
Here we go!
Come on.
Please, please...
Yes, perfect!
I now activate trap card
Thorn Growth!
It doubles damage
from Thorn Counters!
(gasping)
(screaming)
(Zuzu)
As if the stakes
weren't high enough already!
Unless my next move
is the right move,
I could be done for!
I can't let that happen.
Here goes...
I activate Polymerization!
With it,
I'll fuse together
Mozarta...
Canon...
and Solo.
Now listen as these three
harmonize and fuse into one
as their powers merge
and transform
into something
even more melodic.
Behold, the show‐stopping
songstress
whose voice will blow you away:
Bloom Prima
The Melodious Choir!
And here's the best part,
Sergey...
For each of the three monsters
that I used to summon Prima,
she gains 300
attack points!
So that's a bonus
of 900!
Thorn Growth's effect activates.
When Thorn Counter
leaves the field,
I take 100 points damage
for each one.
(grunting)
There he goes again...
It's almost like
he's his own worst enemy.
And now:
Bloom Prima, attack Zuma!
Since you attacked Zuma,
special ability activates.
When monsters I used to summon
Zuma are in graveyard,
I pay 400 life points
to avoid taking damage.
(grunting)
And since Zuma left the field,
Thorn Growth deals me
100 points of damage.
(grunting)
And there's more...
With no Thorn Counters
on the field,
Thorn Growth is destroyed!
But due to Zuma's special
ability, I can summon Zuma
and the monsters that were used
to Synchro Summon it.
(growling and groaning)
(Melissa) Jumpin'
Jiminy Jackrabbit!
Sergey has once again filled
his field with monsters!
But what's even harder to
swaller' is that he's gone
and placed 'em all
in attack mode again!
I just don't get it.
What's he doing?
Sergey...
You're not the only one
with abilities.
Bloom Prima has one, too,
and it lets her attack
Zuma again!
That is of no concern to me.
Due to Darli's
special ability,
I pay 400 life points
to negate attack.
Sergey's done it again!
He's evaded Zuzu's attack
only to deal damage to himself,
and now he's down to 200
life points!
If this goes on
he'll lose for sure!
Well...
I guess this is over.
It's as though
he wants to lose.
(Declan)
Wrong...
Huh?
Sergey is simply, yet painfully,
backing himself against a wall,
because when you have
nothing to lose
then that is when
you can strike without fear.
I'm now through with my turn.
But strangely, I'm not through
being concerned for Sergey.
How he was hurt earlier.
Maybe showing compassion
is a better way
to get this crowd's respect
than winning.
(Zuzu)
Hey!
Huh?
I think that we oughta
pause this duel.
We have an
injured duelist here!
(Zuzu)
We need to stop this until
we're sure that's he's okay!
(men)
We say no way!
I wanna see more!
That's right,
get back to battlin'!
What's wrong with you all?
Weren't you ever taught
to show people some mercy?
This isn't what dueling
is supposed to be about!
This isn't right!
It's like Yuya said...
You all call this
the Friendship Cup, but...
That's just a big lie!
Zuzu...
(Zuzu)
This tournament has absolutely
nothing to do
with friendship.
And that's a problem,
because friendship
and unity
is what you all
need most right now!
It's the only way
you'll be able to fight
the coming invasion
from Duel Academy!
It's the only way
you'll survive!
But it's not too late!
There's still time‐‐
Time to remember what it
means to look out for one
another!
Like friends would!
That's right!
You tell 'em, Zuzu!
Get them to listen to you!
Come on!
Listen!
You fool!
You talk of mercy...
But tell me this...
What if I
don't want it?
What if I don't need it?
What if it's you
who's in danger?
Sure, I may be injured.
And yes,
down on life points too.
But that's...
Just how I like it.
Say what?
Mercy, worry, concern,
All signs ofweakness...
And like all
who are weak...
They must be destroyed!
(siren blaring)
This is what
I was afraid of.
I just hope
he doesn't go too far.
I need her unscathed.
Such fear I see...
Like a mouse being
hunted by a lion.
Try to scurry away‐‐
but you'll never escape!
So many have tried...
...too many
to recall...
but I know how many
have succeeded.
The answer?
Absolutely none.
And that number
isn't going to change today.
Bye‐bye, little mouse!
Ah!
(Sergey laughing)
My turn now!
And first
I activate Polymerization!
Polymerization?
I fuse Van, Darli and Zuma
together to create
new ultimate monster‐‐
a beast that doesn't want mercy,
only chaos!
I Fusion Summon...
Unleash heartpounding dread,
Thorn Over Server
Vandarlizuma!
Huh?
Is he crazy?!
Sergey's played
yet another monster
with zero attack points
in attack mode?
Gotta admit, after all that
tough talk about 'rage'
and 'chaos'
Sergey sure didn't deliver.
Careful.
He's up to something.
Okay, stay focused.
Time to gain from pain!
I subtract my life points from
2500 and double that number!
And that number becomes
Vandarlizuma's attack points!
(gasping)
Sergey has 200 life points...
So that would mean...
(Yuya)
It has 4600 attack points!
(gasping)
And by paying
100 life points...
I reduce one of your monster's
attack points to 100.
In other words: Bloom Prima
is now singing blues!
And then Vandarlizuma's
attack points go up even more!
Whoa, Zuzu's in serious
trouble!
And all because Sergey is
seriously off his rocker!
This is horrible...
Sergey's gonna attack
and take out Zuzu.
Zuzu is going to lose
this duel...
Let's just hope
that's all she loses.
Vandarlizuma,
annihilate Bloom Prima!
(growling)
(gasping)
Huh?
An Action Card!
That's the only thing
that can save me.
No... nothing can save you!
Now... feel... my...
Rage!
Zuzu!
And now here comes
the very best part ...
You...
Lose!
Farewell.
Foolish brute!
Security, retrieve Zuzu
and bring her to me!
In a shocking
turn of events,
Sergey Volkov
has taken the "W"
but not before taking out
his opponent, Zuzu,
sendingher crashing hard
into a soaring skyscraper
where her fate
is as yet unkown.
Zuzu's a fighter folks, but
until we learn otherwise,
she may be down
for the count.
No!